DOCSP-30347: Convert Manage Users landing page (#3021)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/kotlin/users/authenticate-users.txt

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/kotlin/MainActivity.snippet.google-authentication.kt
   :language: kotlin

.. tip:: 
   
   To learn more about Google Sign-In for Android, check out the
   official :google:`Google Sign-In for Android Integration Guide
   <identity/sign-in/android/start-integrating>`.

KMM supports many environments, but this example shows sign-in on
the Android platform. For information about signing into a Google
account on Apple platforms, refer to the :ref:`Swift SDK Example <ios-login-google>`.

.. _kotlin-login-facebook:

Facebook
~~~~~~~~

The Facebook authentication provider allows
you to authenticate users through a Facebook app using their 
existing Facebook account. Refer to :ref:`<facebook-authentication>` in the 
App Services documentation for more information.

Before you can authenticate users with Facebook, you must set up 
the authentication flow for your application by following the 
official :facebook:`Facebook Login for Android Quickstart
<docs/facebook-login/android>`. 

In the login completion handler, get the logged in user's access
token from the Facebook :facebook:`LoginResult

> <docs/reference/android/current/class/LoginResult>`. 

Author: Moved to same line

log in to your application with a custom token provided
by Apple. Refer to  :ref:`<apple-id-authentication>` in the App Services 
documentation for more information.

To log in with Apple authentication, create an
Apple credential by calling `Credentials.apple()
<{+kotlin-sync-prefix+}io.realm.kotlin.mongodb/-credentials/-companion/apple.html>`__
with the user's token, and then pass the generated credential
to `app.login()
<{+kotlin-sync-prefix+}io.realm.kotlin.mongodb/-app/login.html>`__:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/kotlin/AuthenticationTest.snippet.apple-authentication.kt
   :language: kotlin

KMM supports many environments, but this example shows sign-in on
the Android platform. For information about signing in with Apple
on Apple platforms, see the :ref:`Swift SDK Example <ios-login-apple>`.

.. _kotlin-retrieve-current-user:

Retrieve Current User
---------------------

You can retrieve the currently logged-in user with the `App.currentUser 
<{+kotlin-sync-prefix+}io.realm.kotlin.mongodb/-app/current-user.html>`__
property:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/kotlin/AuthenticationTest.snippet.retrieve-current-user.kt
   :language: kotlin. 

> Use this to login offline or :ref:`call an Atlas Function 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this to log in offline or :ref:`call an Atlas Function 
```
verb typo!
